
Disclaimer: I own the plot line, I own Alexander Snape, Moira Snape, Rose
(Moon) Snape, Lillianna McGonagall, and anything unfamiliar. JKR owns the
rest including the Characters not listed above.

Spoilers: All four books, don't read this if you haven't read the others,
it's assumed you already know.

A/N: This is a response to the "Snape's really Harry's Dad" Challenge (in a
round about way that is), including my own version of what would happen
should for some unearthly reason Albus Dumbledore decide to re-sort the
students of Hogwarts. Both events are highly unlikely, but in my opinion
make for an interesting story. This story WILL have slash in it (All my
stories do) Tied into all this mess, new family members, new powers, new
friendships and possibly an end to the war. I hope you enjoy it.

I hope this works, let me know in your reviews, it's something I've been
working on. The next chapter is EXTREMELY long, but well written I think.
The first two chapters aren't going to be much fun to read, but they're
detailed so that there's less confusion. I'll start having more fun with it
in the third chapter, which at the moment is what I'm working on as I post
this. My other stories will be updated shortly. Along with the trilogy that
I have . . . which I need to post the third of yet ( Enjoy!

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
~*~*~



A Very, Very Tangled Web



Chapter One: Discoveries and Initial Reactions.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
~*~*~



The situation in Albus Dumbledore's office was one that could be summed up
into four words.

Complete.

Udder.

Total.

Chaos.

Currently, Severus Snape, Sirius Black, Remus Lupin, Arabella Figg,
Mundungus Fletcher, Amos Diggory, Matilda Diggory, Molly Weasley, Arthur
Weasley, Bill Weasley, Charlie Weasley, Oliver Wood, Stephen Wood, Heather
Wood, Fleur Delacour, Aramis Delacour, Pandora Delacour, Arianna
Longbottom, Minerva McGonagall, Flora Sprout, Filius Flitwick, Maureen
Hooch and Poppy Pomfrey were all talking at once.

Each person present had a reason for being there, several responding to an
invitation to join the re-organization of the Order of the Phoenix (A group
fighting Voldemort under Dumbledore's leadership). Others for matters
involving Hogwarts. No one liked that Sirius Black was in the room and that
Albus seemed to not care.

Luckily, Albus didn't have to find a way to get everyone to shut up. A
large Ministry owl came through the window and everyone quieted down to see
what was going on. Albus opened the letter and read it quickly, becoming
paler and paler with each word. Finally he moved on to another envelope
inside the letter and read it only to become even paler if possible.

With a shaky voice, and shaky hands Albus finally cleared his throat and
said, "Severus, Sirius, Remus, and Minerva, stay here. The rest of you get
out of my office, now. I will see you all shortly, but this needs to be
taken care of immediately. Please wait on the other side of the Gargoyle,
I'll be with you momentarily."

No one was about to question Albus so they all left talking amongst
themselves. The door closed and Albus performed the strongest silencing and
locking spells he knew. Sighing he said, "Severus it would appear that I've
come into information on the location of your missing wife and son."

Severus dropped his head into his hands so that the rest of the room
couldn't see the tears in his eyes at the mention of his wife, Rose, and
their son, Alexander. Albus spoke softly when he said, "Severus when Rose
and Alexander disappeared, it was apparently by choice. Rose found out two
weeks later that she was pregnant again. You have a fourteen year old
daughter, Moira."

Sighing he said, "I'm sorry to tell you that Rose died yesterday according
to the owl I've just received. Your children are both completely safe and
well, I will send them portkeys to come to Hogwarts tomorrow for their
safety."

Sirius cleared his throat and said, "It's horrible that she's gone
Headmaster, but what, exactly, does this have to do with the rest of us in
this room? She's Severus's wife."

Albus nodded and said, "Apparently Lily Potter and Rose Snape took matters
for each of their sons safety into their own hands. I get ahead of myself
though, Lily and Rose were apparently twins separated at birth to protect
them from their father. Lily was placed with her older Squib born sister,
Petunia, into Andrew and Violet Evans' care. While Rose was placed with the
Moon family."

Taking a deep breath Albus continued, "Another sister, a year older than
Rose and Lily, two years younger than Petunia, at birth named Daisy, was
placed with the Nott family who changed her name to Narcissa. It would
appear that Harry Potter, Draco Malfoy and Alexander and Moira Snape are
cousins, and have in common their grandparents, Lillianna McGonagall and
Tom Riddle."

Minerva gapped at the Wizard in front of her before fainting. Severus
looked up at Albus in shock, he'd just been told that he was Harry Potter
and Draco Malfoy's Uncle. Through a bond that likely no one could ever know
about. Sirius and Remus were both trying to comprehend this.

Albus sighed and said, "It would also appear that Harry Potter is not Harry
Potter and that Alexander Snape is not Alexander Snape. Lily and Rose
switched children to save Alexander from his grandfather while Rose went
into hiding with Harry to protect the last of the Gryffindor bloodline.
Which, had either bothered to talk to their husbands they would have known
was already protected as James and Severus are half-brothers. Both Harry
and Alexander are under disguise spells that are deteriorating as we speak
as their birthdays are one day apart."

Severus looked up at Albus and said, "Are you telling me that I've been
teaching my own son for the past four years? That I've belittled, ridiculed
and attempted to get my own son expelled? That it's MY son Voldemort's
after? And that James's little brat has been safely tucked away with my
wife all these years?"

Albus nodded and then looked at Sirius, "I realize this makes it odd for
you considering that you are technically not the Harry we've come to know
and love's godfather. It will destroy him and we will lose him to the light
side if you abandon him because he's never been Harry Potter but in
actuality Alexander Snape. I won't object to you getting to know the real
Harry, as he is technically your godson even though he's been raised as
Alexander, but you can not abandon the Harry that we know."

Sirius nodded and said, "I won't. Regardless he might as well be my godson,
Albus how are you planning on telling him this?"

Albus shook his head and said, "I'm not sure that I should."

Severus glared at the older Wizard and said, "Oh no Albus, you are telling
him the truth. I will not allow you to lie to my son that way. And I'll not
have Harry Potter thinking that he's my son when he's not. My daughter has
the right to know about all of this as well considering the person she's
been calling brother all these years is actually Harry Potter."

Albus looked reluctant to agree, but finally did. The small group then
discussed arrangements for Harry, Alexander and Moira to come to Hogwarts.
It was decided that the three Potters, as they would now be referred to for
their own safety, would have their own room to get to know one another. All
three would be sent portkeys to take them directly to Albus's office the
next morning.

Minerva would take the three to Diagon Alley immediately to buy them their
school supplies, and anything else they might need before they talked about
everything. Once the three had discussed the lies they had been living,
they would then be kept to Hogwarts grounds and forced to bond with
Severus, Sirius and Remus. Remus would once again be teaching Defense
Against the Dark Arts, so the three would spend time training with all
three men for their own personal safety.

Albus told Severus that he could tell Voldemort that the letter Albus
received held information about the hiding of two other Potter children,
two of the three that shared Harry's birthday. It was left unspoken that
Moira would be expected to move up a year and join her brother and cousin
in their fifth year.

Sirius, however had yet another suggestion for training, "Should the three
perhaps learn to be animaguses? It's a wonderful thing to be when running
for their own safety if they need a way out that they can't provide. I know
it took me, James and Pettigrew five years to do it, but with training
perhaps they could do so quickly before school starts?"

Albus nodded and said, "Minerva if you won't do it I'll ask Sirius to, I
know how you feel about the Ministry being alerted. However this IS a war
we're at here. They can register when the war is over."

Minerva sighed and said, "I'll gladly train them with Black's help. But the
minute this mess is over with I'm marching all three of their behinds, AND
Sirius's down to the Ministry to register them officially."

Albus smiled, glad they agreed. Albus then said, "I'd like to ask Harry to
talk to the entire school and staff about what happened during the third
task. Or to put his memories of it into a pensieve and allow the school and
staff to watch. I'd rather have the pensieve, so that everyone witnesses
with their own eyes what happened and can answer under Veritaserum to what
they saw."

Sirius blanched and said, "If you do that Albus, you have to make it sound
that you don't mind if he does, and you don't mind if he doesn't. It's
wrong to ask him to relive that experience by force."

Severus, Remus and Minerva agreed, but also suggested ways of going about
to convince him to do it subtly without forcing him to do it. That being
said, Albus sat down and made three portkeys, timed to go off just after
lunch tomorrow, before writing two letters.

"Dear Harry,

I know it is not often that you receive letters from me. What I have to
tell you though, is very important. I received an owl today from an Aunt of
yours I previously had no idea existed as your Aunt. It has come to my
attention that you are most definitely not the last living Potter, and I've
included the portkey attached to ensure you arrive at Hogwarts as soon as
possible.

Pack all your things Harry, you will not return to your Aunt and Uncle's
house ever again. Should the portkey make you uneasy, I've included floo
powder in yours as well. Merely make your way to Diagon Alley or the
Weasley's house, shout out, "Three Broomsticks" and use the passageway to
the school either through the Shrieking Shack or Honeydukes. Please use
your cloak Harry, once you're in Hogsmeade.

Sincerely,

Albus Dumbledore"



"Dear Alexander and Moira,

I hope that you have heard of me before, my name is Albus Dumbledore and I
am the current Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
You have both been accepted to Hogwarts and transferred as per order of
your guardian. Enclosed are two portkeys that will activate shortly after
your breakfast in the morning where you are. Please pack anything you wish
to see again, as you'll not return wherever you are right now ever again.

I am deeply sorry to hear of your Mother's death. Rose was a wonderful
woman, and she will be terribly missed. I also know your Father quite well
as he works as my current Potions Master. He impatiently awaits your
arrival and is looking forward to meeting you both, as am I. Once again I
offer my condolences, and hope to meet you shortly.

Sincerely,

Professor Albus Dumbledore

Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry

Order of Merlin, First Class"
>